hey everybody its Patrick and welcome to
yoga for beginners yoga for beginners is
an 8 class series with the specific
intention of taking somebody from
little-to-no yoga experience and helping
them become comfortable in any modern
postural yoga class these classes are
not just easy they're going to push you
you're going to have the opportunity to
learn and grow and move your body in new
ways the physical benefits of yoga is
that you'll just feel better moving more
you'll have less tension in your body
you'll increase your range of motion
you'll get stronger you'll get more
coordinated and you'll feel more
comfortable living in your own skin
beyond helping you create a sense of
calming yourself these classes will also
help you improve your focus and allow
you to overcome a challenge overcome
adversity there's a benefit to this
practice that's mental the ritualistic
nature of coming on to your mat of
focusing of finding the perseverance and
something to overcome through the
journey of the practice our goal after
each class is for you to feel better
better than when you started there's a
shift in every yoga practice you start
in one place and you finish somewhere
else and we always want to hope that at
the end of that we feel better in our
body we feel more comfortable in our own
skin we feel more confident in the way
we live now
you